[Music]
mark what a week we've had so much
snowfall here in cou tight but it's been
perfect for testing freeride but these
are three real standout skis well it has
been amazing you couldn't wish for a
better week to test freeride ski so it's
been brilliant to have the opportunity
to try them out
all of the skis we tested they all
fantastic again had their own strong
characters this is a really interesting
one for us to test the new headquarters
an all new model very very smooth ride
very easy to use just rode through
deeper deeper powder no problem at all
even though it's only 93 underfoot
feeling like that felt like it's plenty
of surface area and then when it's on
its edge just rode out really smooth
easy to predict turns light playful it
has it all absolutely fantastic ski as I
say it's all new it's essentially got a
graphene tip and tail for a lighter
weight and a light very light wood core
and it uses choroid with in there so
they give it light weight as well so
very light very playful just just a
great ski for any deep snow conditions
[Music]
looking at the volkl normally for
free-rider we test the mantra but this
year we've tested the 98 why is this so
strong yeah it's a very interesting
scheme its construction essentially they
uses 3d Ridge here which gives increased
stability to the ski but it actually
takes weight away from the edge so it
makes it easy in terms of swing weight
and how it pivots
it's another fantastic ski for me
again another one actually that had a
very smooth flex felt very easy to
predict in all conditions never felt
caught up in any sort of turns it was
just easy to use smooth but actually
surprisingly powerful on the edge so if
you're a hard-ass known you lay it over
it will give plenty performance back
another fantastic ski and mark for us
the Salomon this you is a real standout
as well
yeah the Salomon had very much its own
character every one of the testers said
this felt unbelievably playful very very
easy to use I mean we skied this ski
when it was flat and light deep powder
hard to see and you didn't have to worry
about the conditions you could just
think about where you're skiing very
very easy to use it's got users choroid
in there in the tip to reduce weights
it's got the flax stringer through there
as well which reduces weight it makes it
quite reactive superlight is super easy
just go and play on the ski great fun
sponsored by snow and rock
[Music]